beginners.md, before:

# Minimalist Mod List for Beginners
**Updated:** June 2nd, 2019

The idea of this mod list is to provide a basic set of mods for new players or a starter set for more experienced modders building a new installation. AKA it's a checklist for me so I don't have to remember or start from scratch every time I start a new game!  

These are listed in roughly the order you should install them.

# Essential 3rd Party Utilities
[**Morrowind Code Patch**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/19510) by Hrnchamd  
[**MGE XE**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/41102) by Hrnchamd & MGE Team  
[**Wrye Mash (Polemos Fork) 2018**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45439) by Polemos & Wrye   
[**CAUTION! MWSE 2.1**](https://nullcascade.com/mwse/mwse-dev.zip) by NullCascade & MWSE Team  
Note: included in MGE XE 0.11.0 installer.  
[**OPTIONAL TES3 Construction Set**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/42196) by Bethesda  
The Construction Set for Steam users, since Steam doesn't include the CS in its download.

# Bug Fixes
[**Patch for Purists**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45096?) by Half11  
[**WIP Detailed Correct UV Rocks**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44321/?) by Pherim  
[**Morrowind Optimisation Patch**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45384) by Greatness7 and Remiros  
[**Project Atlas**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45399) by Project Atlas Team  
[**Sheep-No-More**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45168) by McChuggernaut  
[**Diseases Restored**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45228) by Half11  
[**Fix those bastard rope fences**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45741) by Petethegoat and EJ12  
This colourfully named mod fixes player animations and rope meshes so that you get stuck much, much less often. It's an absolute lifesaver of a mod.  

# Dialogue Fixes
[**Better Dialogue Font**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/36873) by Hrnchamd  
[**VGreetings**](http://mw.modhistory.com/download-42-13335) by TheOtherFelix  
[**Dialogue Reputation Fix**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/46003) by Sirrus233  

# Expansion Integration
Note that both of these issues have been addressed in Patch for Purists since version 3.0.0. You may prefer to use the unmerged version of PFP, and skip the Expansion Implementation esp if you prefer to use the mods below.

There are a *lot* of options for these, particularly to delay the Dark Brotherhood attacks added by the Tribunal expansion. I personally use these:  
[**Trigger Dark Brotherhood Attack**](http://mw.modhistory.com/download-37-15581) by Cyran0  
This adds a short quest that creates the pretense for making the player a target for assassination. Since the quest is a condition for the Dark Brotherhood attacks it effectively delays the start of the Tribunal main quest until the player decides it is appropriate. The quest is not available until the player has attained at least level six. Additionally, the weaker assassins have been re-equipped with appropriately less-valuable armor.  

[**Solstheim Delayer**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45988) by Red Furry Demon  
The quest that gets you to Solstheim is quite annoying if you do not plan to go there, but need Bloodmoon active because some mods require it. This mod makes changes to a few dialogue lines, giving them more specific speaker conditions and slightly altering their quest stage results, so that you won't get any journal entry unless you actually ask about Solstheim.  

Alternatives:  
[**Delayed DB Attack v2**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/14891?) by Kir  
[**Illy's Solstheim Rumour Fix**](https://www.moddb.com/games/morrowind/addons/illys-solsteim-rumour-fix) by Illy  

# Graphics Replacers
[**Better Bodies**]() by Psychodog Studios  
[**Westly's Pluginless Head Replacer**]() by Westly

Commit message:

Added links, tweaked list
- Added links 
- Removed a number of mods that are integrated into bigger patches
- Adjusted layout/sectioning
- Added Vanilla Land recommendation

beginners.md, after:

# Minimalist Mod List for Beginners
**Updated:** June 2nd, 2019

The idea of this mod list is to provide a basic set of mods for new players or a starter set for more experienced modders building a new installation. AKA it's a checklist for me so I don't have to remember or start from scratch every time I start a new game!  

These are listed in roughly the order you should install them.

# Essential 3rd Party Utilities
[**Morrowind Code Patch**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/19510) by Hrnchamd  
[**MGE XE**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/41102) by Hrnchamd & MGE Team   
[**MWSE 2.1**](https://nullcascade.com/mwse/mwse-dev.zip) by NullCascade & MWSE Team  
Note: included in MGE XE 0.11.0 installer.  
[**Wrye Mash (Polemos Fork) 2018**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45439) by Polemos & Wrye  

## 3rd Party Utilities for Mod-Makers
[**TES3 Construction Set**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/42196) by Bethesda  
The Construction Set for Steam users, since Steam doesn't include the CS in its download.

# Bug Fixes
[**Patch for Purists**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45096?) by Half11  
[**WIP Detailed Correct UV Rocks**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44321/?) by Pherim  
[**Sheep-No-More**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45168) by McChuggernaut  
[**Diseases Restored**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45228) by Half11  
[**Fix those bastard rope fences**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45741) by Petethegoat and EJ12  
This colourfully named mod fixes player animations and rope meshes so that you get stuck much, much less often. It's an absolute lifesaver of a mod.  

# Performance Tweaks
[**Morrowind Optimisation Patch**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45384) by Greatness7 and Remiros  
[**Project Atlas**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45399) by Project Atlas Team  

# Dialogue Fixes
[**Better Dialogue Font**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/36873) by Hrnchamd  
[**VGreetings**](http://mw.modhistory.com/download-42-13335) by TheOtherFelix  

# Expansion Integration
Note that both of these issues have been addressed in Patch for Purists since version 3.0.0. You may prefer to use the unmerged version of PFP, and skip the Expansion Implementation esp if you prefer to use the mods below.

There are a *lot* of options for these, particularly to delay the Dark Brotherhood attacks added by the Tribunal expansion. I personally use these:  
[**Trigger Dark Brotherhood Attack**](http://mw.modhistory.com/download-37-15581) by Cyran0  
This adds a short quest that creates the pretense for making the player a target for assassination. Since the quest is a condition for the Dark Brotherhood attacks it effectively delays the start of the Tribunal main quest until the player decides it is appropriate. The quest is not available until the player has attained at least level six. Additionally, the weaker assassins have been re-equipped with appropriately less-valuable armor.  

[**Solstheim Delayer**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45988) by Red Furry Demon  
The quest that gets you to Solstheim is quite annoying if you do not plan to go there, but need Bloodmoon active because some mods require it. This mod makes changes to a few dialogue lines, giving them more specific speaker conditions and slightly altering their quest stage results, so that you won't get any journal entry unless you actually ask about Solstheim.  

Alternatives:  
[**Delayed DB Attack v2**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/14891?) by Kir  
[**Illy's Solstheim Rumour Fix**](https://www.moddb.com/games/morrowind/addons/illys-solsteim-rumour-fix) by Illy  

# Graphics Replacers
## Character Models, Heads & Hair
[**Better Bodies**](http://mw.modhistory.com/download-21-2406) by Psychodog Studios  
[**Westly's Pluginless Head Replacer**](https://download.fliggerty.com/download--874) by Westly

## Terrain
[**Vanilla Land**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45953) by OtisGeo
