companions.md, before:

[**Corgi Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/43985) by Melchior Dahrk  
[**Dog Companions**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/DOGGY.htm) by Grumpy and Emma  
[**Paxon the Pack Rat**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45669) by Tizzo  
[**Rift**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44107) by MatthewTheBagel  
Includes an Argonian companion  
[**Gizmo the Fabricant Guar**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/46587) by Melchior Dahrk  
[**Oz'aar the Wizard Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44093) by MatthewTheBagel  
[**Taryn the Warrior Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44087) by MatthewTheBagel  
[**Aloros the Telvanni Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44069) by MatthewTheBagel  
[**Olyn Hleran - A Redoran Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45197) by Team Mythical Beasts  
[**Jasmine**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/43336) by Jac  
[**Julan, Ashlander Companion**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/Kateri.htm) by Kateri  
[**Pack Donkeys**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/Donkey.htm) by Emma  
[**Companionable Cats**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/cats.htm) by Emma  
[**Constance, Thief Companion**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/Constance.htm) by Grumpy and Emma  
[**The Witchgirl Adventure**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/witchgirl.htm) by Emma  
[**Gwen of Rivenspire**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/46960) by RubberMan   
[**Belial, A Dismal Dremora Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44341) by Hanghimhigher  
[**Publius Claudius Follower**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/46645) by Alice    
[**MWSE Enhanced Healer Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/48678) by Stripes  
[**Elisamsi Follower**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49326) by Alice  
[**Avni the Ash-Hound**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49521) by Tewlwolow  
[**Keep Gaea Artoria**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49533) by Stripes and Zhydrac  
[**Kolka the Wolf**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49765) by Tizzo  
[**The Hammer of Orsinium**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50027) by Terik Fel  
[**Arvesa - An Armiger's Tale**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50306) by Orion  
[**Ancestor Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50395) by Drac and Toccatta  
[**Henwen the Pack Piglet**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50423) by Tizzo  
[**Todd Howard Follower**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50691) by ConceredCitizen  
[**A Fallout3 Tribute - The Nix-Hound Runt, Houndmeat**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50889) by Aphiteth  
[**Ignatious the Mad Companion - A Starwind Mod**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50960) by kvatchcount  

[**Companion Friendly Lava**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50890) by AlandroSul

Commit message:

Update lists from 2nd May-8th July

companions.md, after:

[**Corgi Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/43985) by Melchior Dahrk  
[**Dog Companions**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/DOGGY.htm) by Grumpy and Emma  
[**Paxon the Pack Rat**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45669) by Tizzo  
[**Rift**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44107) by MatthewTheBagel  
Includes an Argonian companion  
[**Gizmo the Fabricant Guar**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/46587) by Melchior Dahrk  
[**Oz'aar the Wizard Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44093) by MatthewTheBagel  
[**Taryn the Warrior Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44087) by MatthewTheBagel  
[**Aloros the Telvanni Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44069) by MatthewTheBagel  
[**Olyn Hleran - A Redoran Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/45197) by Team Mythical Beasts  
[**Jasmine**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/43336) by Jac  
[**Julan, Ashlander Companion**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/Kateri.htm) by Kateri  
[**Pack Donkeys**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/Donkey.htm) by Emma  
[**Companionable Cats**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/cats.htm) by Emma  
[**Constance, Thief Companion**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/Constance.htm) by Grumpy and Emma  
[**The Witchgirl Adventure**](http://lovkullen.net/Emma/witchgirl.htm) by Emma  
[**Gwen of Rivenspire**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/46960) by RubberMan   
[**Belial, A Dismal Dremora Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44341) by Hanghimhigher  
[**Publius Claudius Follower**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/46645) by Alice    
[**MWSE Enhanced Healer Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/48678) by Stripes  
[**Elisamsi Follower**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49326) by Alice  
[**Avni the Ash-Hound**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49521) by Tewlwolow  
[**Keep Gaea Artoria**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49533) by Stripes and Zhydrac  
[**Kolka the Wolf**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49765) by Tizzo  
[**The Hammer of Orsinium**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50027) by Terik Fel  
[**Arvesa - An Armiger's Tale**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50306) by Orion  
[**Ancestor Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50395) by Drac and Toccatta  
[**Henwen the Pack Piglet**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50423) by Tizzo  
[**Todd Howard Follower**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50691) by ConceredCitizen  
[**A Fallout3 Tribute - The Nix-Hound Runt, Houndmeat**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50889) by Aphiteth  
[**Stripes the Cat**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/51086) by Stripes  
[**Visions of the White Guar - A Versatile Companion**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/51500) by Aphiteth  
[**Phoon Guy**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/51549) by me with assets from Webley and anmcbride  
[**The Strider's Nest - Companions and Quests**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/51579) by AlandroSul  

[**Companion Friendly Lava**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50890) by AlandroSul  

## Starwind 
[**Ignatious the Mad Companion - A Starwind Mod**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50960) by kvatchcount  
[**Starwind- Carlo's expanded droid shop**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50985) by Quickdraw Mcgraw  
[**Starwind- Kagrid playable hair**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50994) by quickdraw mcgraw  
[**Ahtar Companion - A Starwind Mod**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/51036) by kvatchcount  
[**Eseh'vehu Companion - A Starwind Mod**](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/51100) by kvatchcount
